### 1.  she goes to the institute in the morning
	1. does she go to the institute morning?
	2. where does she go in the morning?
	3. does she go ro the institute
	4. Does she go to the institute in the morning or in the evening?
	1.  she went to the institute in the morning?
	2. did does she go in the morning?
	3. did she go еo the institute
	4. Does she go to the institute in the last morning or in the last evening?
	1. she is going to the institute now
	2. What time is she going to the institute in the morning?
	3. Is she going to the institute in the morning or in the afternoon?


### 2. She does her morning exercise every day
	1. Does she do her morning exercise every day?
	2.  What does she do every day?
	3. Does she do her morning exercise every day or only on weekends?
	1. Is she doing her morning exercise every day?
	2. What is she doing every day?
	3. Is she doing her morning exercise every day or just on weekdays?
	4. She is doing her morning exercise yesterday, isn't she?
	1. Did she do her morning exercise every day?
	2. What did she do every day?
	3. Did she do her morning exercise every day or did she skip it sometimes?
	4. She did her morning exercise yesterday, didn't she?


### 3. For breakfast, she has two eggs, a sandwich, and a cup of tea.
	1.  Does she have two eggs, a sandwich, and a cup of tea for breakfast?
	2. What does she have for breakfast?
	3. Does she have two eggs and a sandwich for breakfast, or does she have something else?
	4. She has two eggs, a sandwich, and a cup of tea for breakfast, doesn't she?
	present continios
	1.  For breakfast, she is having two eggs, a sandwich, and a cup of tea.
		1. Is she having two eggs, a sandwich, and a cup of tea for breakfast?
		2. What is she having for breakfast?
		3. Is she having two eggs and a sandwich for breakfast, or is she having something else?
		4. She is having two eggs, a sandwich, and a cup of tea for breakfast, isn't she? 
		5. past simple
		6. For breakfast, she had two eggs, a sandwich, and a cup of tea.
		7. Did she have two eggs, a sandwich, and a cup of tea for breakfast?
		8. What did she have for breakfast?
		9. Did she have two eggs and a sandwich for breakfast, or did she have something else?
		10.  She had two eggs, a sandwich, and a cup of tea for breakfast, didn't she?


**В Present Simple** It takes her an hour and a half to do her homework.

1. **Общий вопрос **:
    
    - Does it take her an hour and a half to do her homework?
2. **Специальный вопрос **:
    
    - How long does it take her to do her homework?
3. **Альтернативный вопрос :
    
    - Does it take her an hour and a half to do her homework, or does it take her less time?
4. **Разделительный вопрос :
    
    - It takes her an hour and a half to do her homework, doesn't it?
**В Present Continuous** It is taking her an hour and a half to do her homework.

1. **Общий вопрос **:
    
    - Is it taking her an hour and a half to do her homework?
2. **Специальный вопрос **:
    
    - How long is it taking her to do her homework?
3. **Альтернативный вопрос **:
    
    - Is it taking her an hour and a half to do her homework, or is it taking her less time?
4. **Разделительный вопрос 
    
    - It is taking her an hour and a half to do her homework, isn't it?
**В Past Simple** It took her an hour and a half to do her homework.

1. **Общий вопрос **:
    
    - Did it take her an hour and a half to do her homework?
2. **Специальный вопрос **:
    
    - How long did it take her to do her homework?
3. **Альтернативный вопрос **:
    
    - Did it take her an hour and a half to do her homework, or did it take her less time?
4. **Разделительный вопрос **:
    
    - It took her an hour and a half to do her homework, didn't it?
























































.






















.